README.md, before:

# 06 Server-Side APIs: Weather Dashboard

## Your Task

Third-party APIs allow developers to access their data and functionality by making requests with specific parameters to a URL. Developers are often tasked with retrieving data from another application's API and using it in the context of their own. Your challenge is to build a weather dashboard that will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS.

Use the [OpenWeather API](https://openweathermap.org/api) to retrieve weather data for cities. The documentation includes a section called "How to start" that provides basic setup and usage instructions. You will use `localStorage` to store any persistent data.

## User Story

```
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
```

## Mock-Up

The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![The weather app includes a search option, a list of cities, and a five-day forecast and current weather conditions for Atlanta.](./Assets/06-server-side-apis-homework-demo.png)

## Grading Requirements

This homework is graded based on the following criteria: 

### Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%

* Satisfies all of the above acceptance criteria plus the following:

    * Uses the OpenWeather API to retrieve weather data.

    * Uses `localStorage` to store persistent data.

### Deployment: 32%

* Application deployed at live URL.

* Application loads with no errors.

* Application GitHub URL submitted.

* GitHub repository that contains application code.

### Application Quality: 15%

* Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate.

* Application user interface style is clean and polished.

* Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the homework instructions.

### Repository Quality: 13%

* Repository has a unique name.

* Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions.

* Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

* Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.

* Repository contains quality readme file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application.

## Review

You are required to submit BOTH of the following for review:

* The URL of the functional, deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a readme describing the project.

- - -
© 2021 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Fixed logic so that nothing executes if search value is null

README.md, after:

# Weather Dashboard

## Description

This app utilizes third party APIs to gather information regarding the weather and date to provide the user a weather dashboard that they can see the current weather and a five day forecast, while also having their search queries saved in a list for easy access.  The app utilizes jQuery to dynamically update the HTML and CSS based on the city selection of the user.

The weather data obtained by this app comes from OpenWeather Api and the date information is generated using Luxon.js.  The saved list items will persist via local storage so that the user can leave and return and have their previously saved searches there when they get back.

## Ideal User

```
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
```

## Mock-Up

The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

![The weather app includes a search option, a list of cities, and a five-day forecast and current weather conditions for Atlanta.](./Assets/06-server-side-apis-homework-demo.png)

## Grading Requirements

This homework is graded based on the following criteria: 

### Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%

* Satisfies all of the above acceptance criteria plus the following:

    * Uses the OpenWeather API to retrieve weather data.

    * Uses `localStorage` to store persistent data.

### Deployment: 32%

* Application deployed at live URL.

* Application loads with no errors.

* Application GitHub URL submitted.

* GitHub repository that contains application code.

### Application Quality: 15%

* Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate.

* Application user interface style is clean and polished.

* Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the homework instructions.

### Repository Quality: 13%

* Repository has a unique name.

* Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions.

* Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

* Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.

* Repository contains quality readme file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application.

## Review

You are required to submit BOTH of the following for review:

* The URL of the functional, deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a readme describing the project.

- - -
© 2021 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
